README.md, before:

# TkInspect

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/tk_inspect`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'tk_inspect'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install tk_inspect

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/tk_inspect. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the TkInspect project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[USERNAME]/tk_inspect/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

Fixed dependency, added minimal Readme and bumped to 0.2.1

README.md, after:

# TkInspect

Provides a poor man's version of the GUI development environment
created for original Smalltalk systems, including a console (workspace
in Smalltalk), inspectors and class browser.

Uses [tk_component](http://github.com/josepegea/tk_component) to
create the UI.

Once added the gem to your project or global environment, you can
launch the graphic console using

``` sh
bundle exec tk_console
```

If you add
[tk_inspect_rails](http://github.com/josepegea/tk_inspect_rails) you
will also get some goodies for playing with Rails applications inside
the GUI playground.

**WARNING**: This is very much a work in progress!!

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'tk_inspect'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install tk_inspect

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/tk_inspect. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the TkInspect project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[USERNAME]/tk_inspect/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
